Fixed #32365 -- Made zoneinfo the default timezone implementation. (#14848)
django/django: docs/topics/i18n/timezones.txt

saving time (DST). Many countries have a system of DST, where clocks are moved
forward in spring and backward in autumn. If you're working in local time,
you're likely to encounter errors twice a year, when the transitions happen.
This probably doesn't matter for your blog, but it's a problem if you over-bill

> or under-bill your customers by one hour, twice a year, every year. The

Reviewer: I used to over-hyphen a lot a decade ago when I wrote this. Not my native language, sorry :-(

Interestingly, Firefox' spell checker just auto-corrected overhyphen to over-hyphen and autocorrected to auto-corrected. This is getting very meta ;-)

    In Django 5.0, time zone support will be enabled by default.

Time zone support uses :mod:`zoneinfo`, which is part of the Python standard

> library from Python 3.9. A backport is installed when you install Django if you
> are using Python 3.8.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
library from Python 3.9. The backport package ``backports.zoneinfo`` is
installed when you install Django on Python 3.8.
```

Mentioning the package name improves discoverability.

:ref:`default time zone <default-current-time-zone>` and raises a warning.

Unfortunately, during DST transitions, some datetimes don't exist or are

> ambiguous. That's why you should always create aware datetime objects when time

Reviewer 3: I wonder if it's worth documenting what you mean by ambiguous. It is mentioned further down so maybe that's enough.

    from django.shortcuts import redirect, render

    # Prepare a list of common timezone choices you wish to offer.

>     common_timezones = [...]

Reviewer 2: include a concrete example - afaiu this should be a list of strings, not a list of `ZoneInfo`, which some might interpret the comment as implying

    def set_timezone(request):
        if request.method == 'POST':

>             request.session['django_timezone'] = request.POST['timezone']

Reviewer 2: this view should validate the timezone is in `common_timezones`

Author: At the beginning of this section we have: 

> Here's an example that stores the current timezone in the session. (It skips
error handling entirely for the sake of simplicity.)

So I'm going to take error handling as out of scope (unless the example gets rewritten separately)

forms in the :ref:`current time zone <default-current-time-zone>` and returns
aware datetime objects in ``cleaned_data``.

> Converted datetimes that don't exist or are ambiguous because they fall in a

Reviewer 4: I can see from the tests that this is the case (except for one situation, which is marked as a bug 😅), but is there some advice for how people are supposed to handle this situation? Probably non-existent times won't be an issue, but ambiguous times are real, just under-specified.

Is the idea that for a form in `Europe/Paris`, you'd want to specify, e.g. `'2011-10-30 02:30:00'` as either `'2011-10-30 02:30:00+01:00'` or `'2011-10-30 02:30:00+02:00'`? It seems to defeat the purpose of specifying "local time + zone" if the end user needs to know the offset in a zone at a specific time. Presumably the best thing to do would be to allow the person creating the form (possibly even via user input) to specify a strategy for what to do in the case of ambiguous datetimes?

I suppose this is just an aside, though, since the actual underlying behavior is not changed in this particular PR.

Author: I'm going to pass on this point for now. We don't really have a story, except earlier on there's a _In practice, this is rarely an issue._ … 

I will ponder it going forward though. 

Thanks.

       >>> from django.utils import timezone
       >>> timezone.localtime(timezone.now())
       datetime.datetime(2012, 3, 3, 20, 10, 53, 873365, tzinfo=zoneinfo.ZoneInfo(key='Europe/Paris'))

   In this example, the current time zone is ``"Europe/Paris"``.

#. **How can I see all available time zones?**

   :func:`zoneinfo.available_timezones` provides the set of all valid keys for

>    IANA time zones available to your system. See the docs for usage

Reviewer 3: A link to the docs would be helpful

Author: The ``:func:`zoneinfo.available_timezones`` is linked  🤔

Reviewer 3: Ah yes. 👍 I was focusing too much on the 'see the docs' part.
